Fruits and Vegetables questions:

1. Name a fruit that starts with "A." It is white on the inside and can be red, yellow, or green on the outside. 
Answer: Apple

2. Name a spiny, green vegetable that starts with "A." 
Answer: Artichoke

3. Name a long, thin fruit that starts with "B." It is yellow on the outside and white on the inside. 
Answer: Banana

4. Name a long, thin, orange vegetable that grows underground. It starts with a "C." 
Answer: Carrot

5. Name a crisp, green vegetable that has long stalks. It starts with "C." 
Answer: Celery

6. Name a yellow vegetable that grows on a cob and starts with "C." 
Answer: Corn

7. Name a vegetable that is green on the outside and white on the inside. It starts with "C." 
Answer: Cucumber

8. Name a purple vegetable that starts with "E." 
Answer: Eggplant

9. Name a big fruit that starts with "G." It can be yellow or pink and sometimes squirts you when you eat it. 
Answer: Grapefruit

10. Name a sweet fruit that grows in bunches on vines. It starts with "G ." 
Answer: Grapes

11. What do you call a pumpkin that has been carved to look like a scary face? It starts with "J." 
Answer: Jack-o'-lantern

12. You can cook fruit with sugar to make a sweet spread that tastes good on bread. What is this spread called? It starts with "J." 
Answer: Jam or Jelly

13. Name a sour, yellow fruit that starts with "L." 
Answer: Lemon

14. Name a green, leafy vegetable that tastes good in salads. It starts with an "L." 
Answer: Lettuce

15. Name a sour, green fruit that starts with "L." 
Answer: Lime

16. Name a type of big fruit that has a rind. It starts with "M." 
Answer: Melon

17. Name an oily, green fruit that starts with "O." 
Answer: Olive

18. Name a sharp-tasting vegetable that starts with "O." It grows underground. 
Answer: Onion

19. Name three sweet fruits that start with the letter "P" and grow on trees. 
Answer: Peach, Pear, Plum

20. Name a tiny, round green vegetable that grows in pods. It starts with "P." 
Answer: Peas

21. Name a vegetable that is brown on the outside and white on the inside. It grows underground and starts with the letter "P." 
Answer: Potato

22. Name an orange vegetable that can be made into pie. It starts with "P." 
Answer: Pumpkin

23. What do you get when you dry a plum? It starts with "P." 
Answer: Prune

24. What do you get when you dry a grape? It starts with "R." 
Answer: Raisin

25. Name a sweet, red fruit that starts with "S." 
Answer: Strawberry

26. Name a soft, red fruit that starts with "T." It is not sweet. 
Answer: Tomato

27. Name a sweet fruit that starts with "W." It is green on the outside and pink on the inside. 
Answer: Watermelon

28. Name a sweet, orange vegetable that starts with "Y." It grows underground and can be made into pie. 
Answer: Yam